Okay. So the evidence is overwhelmingly conclusive.
There was absolutely a massive global cataly that happened approximately
12,980 years ago. That was a total reset button for human civilization.
In this video, I'm gonna show you five key pieces of evidence,
including core eye sample data taken from both Antarctica and green land
soil data taken from the younger dries black mat layer.
The unexplainable extinction event of 75% of all mammals in north America and
120 large megafauna I E mammals larger than 100 pounds that all went
extinct at the same period of time.
Evidence of the sudden and unexplainable end of the last ice age,
a massive 400 foot rise in sea level.
That happened in a very short period of time,
as well as a key piece of evidence that proves that there was an advanced human
civilization dating back more than 13,000 years yet,
despite the overwhelming evidence taken from the most recent and technologically
advanced scientific analysis ever taken on this subject,
it's still not being taught in schools.
It's still not printed in the textbooks.
And you still won't hear about it from almost anyone in mainstream science.
Now let's start with key evidence from the core eye samples taken from
Antarctica and Greenland.
Both these samples confirm that there was two events,
one that happened 12,980 years ago give or take five years as well
as another one that happened 1400 years later, or 11,600 years ago,
where we saw a few things happen on planet earth in a very short period of time,
including a 400 foot rise in sea level,
which happened so rapidly that there's evidence that suggests that it may have
raised as much as 30 feet globally in just a 24 hour period,
as well as a 15 degree Fahrenheit temperature swing that went from one end of
the spectrum to the other in that period of time.
Most of which happened in just a few cycles of seasons I E a couple years,
you know, it's interesting with all this talk about global warming right now,
everyone's fussing over what the effects will be of a three degree Fahrenheit
temperature increase. Guys, we're talking about five to times,
as much as that now the process for getting this data from the core eye samples
is very interesting.
You can literally see and measure the rise and fall of sea levels from one year
to the next. So you're probably asking what could have caused such an event.
Well, the evidence is overwhelming that there was a cosmic collision.
I E a comment or an asteroid hit the north American ice shelf,
which at that time was more than two kilometers thick on average,
that's more than a mile thick guys.
And in some places more than two miles thick,
this cosmic impact would've caused a massive evaporation of a significant
portion of the north American ice shelf. Not all of it,
but enough of it to cause massive flooding,
as well as having a significant portion of this ice blasted into the atmosphere
only to be rained down in significant proportions around the globe for days
and weeks to come. Now,
further evidence that supports this cosmic impact includes the younger dries
black mat boundary that you can see in these pictures here.
And there have been samples taken from dozens of locations across three
continents around the world that shows that more than 50 million kilometers,
almost a third of the Earth's land mass was literally covered in two to three
inches of nano diamonds, melt glass Iridium,
even extraterrestrial helium.
Now these elements are only found from two causes nuclear glass in cosmic
collisions. However, when you take into account the extraterrestrial helium,
as it's called, it's pretty conclusive that it was in fact, a cosmic collision.
Now at that same exact period of time, as we're seeing in the soil samples,
there's an unexplainable mass die off. Like I said,
75% of all mammals in north America went extinct in a very short period of time,
as well as 120 megafauna or BAMS that are larger than a hundred pounds.
Many of which, I mean, look at these pictures, some of these you have never,
ever seen before, you never knew they existed.
They're not covered in the textbooks. Largely. However,
the current explanation by modern science is that, well,
apparently humans must have caused the mass extinction that a punch of primitive
hunters and gatherers overkilled and over hunted.
And that's why there was this mass die off. However,
this evidence that contradicts that, for example,
there has been mass mortality sites of Willie Mamo.
They have found fields of more than 1000 Willie Mamo,
many of which had broken legs as if their body had been blasted over with their
legs, still standing. And some of which still have food in their mouth.
This further validates that there was a sudden and cosmic collision that caused
a mass extinction event for so many animals in a short period of time.
So if this was possible for the dinosaurs,
why wouldn't we think that it's possible to have happened to humans,
which we know were alive at that time? Take for example, go Beckley Tepe. Now,
most people aren't aware of this, it's located in Turkey,
not far from Mesopotamia,
and it is dated at least to be 11,600 years ago through analyzation
of organic matter pottery and other elements and artifacts found at that site
11,600 years ago.
Now this site is more than 7,000 years older than Stonehenge,
which is largely mysterious in of itself, right?
Not only is it 7,000 years older,
it's more than 50 times bigger as verified through ground penetrating radar and
only 5% of it has been excavated.
Now what's particularly interesting about this site.
Isn't just the fact that it's the world's oldest and largest megalithic
structure, but the fact that it's the first building or structure to ever align
perfectly north and south, not just in the direction of north and south,
but perfect. Now, first of all,
that's obviously not an accident when you consider just how incredible this site
is that there's 20 to 50 ton pillars that clearly have a celestial
meaning to them. However,
one of the key pieces of information about go Beckley Tepe is that you could not
PO construct a perfectly north south facing structure without having advanced
astronomical knowledge. So how were they able to have that 11,600 years ago?
After all, according to our textbooks,
the Sumerians that date back 7,000 years ago are the ones that started all of
human civilization yet.
This exceeds that by thousands of years and it's completely unexplainable.
And by the way,
they also have evidence at the site of advanced agriculture that took place at
that time. And like I said,
advanced agriculture wasn't supposed to have started until the Sumerians more
than 5,000 years later. That's interesting.
Now here's a key piece of information you need to take into consideration right
now, as of today,
approximately 40% of the entire world's population lives right on the coast.
And more than 75% of the world's population lives within 60 kilometers of a
coast. And then when you take into consideration,
the evidence that showed that there was a 400 foot rise in sea level, New York,
Washington, DC, Los Angeles list, Tokyo, Beijing, London,
so many other, I mean, I'll have to stop there cuz I could keep naming them.
How many of the world's most advanced civilizations are right on the coast and
what would happen if the sea levels rose as much as 30 feet overnight.
Now that being said,
this event wouldn't have made the entire human race go extinct.
There would of course been survivors and that's where go Beckley Tepi.
It suggests that this,
that humanity was trying to rebuild itself after this massive cataly.
And that it shows that 11,600 years ago was when this site essentially
was stopped, operating was buried. And at that same exact period of time,
there was another event that caused a massive rise and fall of global sea
levels.
Temperatures as well as a significant number of animals instinct all at that
same period of time. I don't think that's a coincidence,
but many people argue at okay, if there was an advanced civilization,
where's all the evidence. Where's the metal buildings.
Where's the fiber optic cables underground.
Where's all this stuff we're talking over 10,000 years ago. I mean,
take into consideration.
What happens if you leave a car outside for just a few decades, searching,
eating itself away or even houses. For example,
if you don't do a significant restoration project on a house after a few
decades, the house will fall in on itself.
Now let's compare the Titanic as an example,
more than 50,000 tons of steel and iron has been underwater for just more than a
hundred years. And it's nearly all the way gone. And in another a hundred years,
it'll almost be nonexistent.
Now I'll think about what would happen over 10,000 years.
The only thing that you would have left is stone. Now,
something else that we find across the world across more than six continents in
more than 500 cultures is the story of a flood. Well, look at these photos.
Now these are from Joe Rogan's podcast with Randall Carlson and Graham Hancock.
But what you're seeing here is photos from Montana,
Idaho in Washington that showed these absolutely massive ripples,
more than 50 feet tall and hundreds of feet long,
and absolutely prove and show that there was some sort of massive flood that
happened. In fact, take a look at this photo.
It compares this location in Montana with Niagara falls. Now in Niagara falls,
approximately 150,000 to 200,000 cubic feet of water spill over the falls.
Every second. However, when you compare this size,
it shows that this would've been more than 350 million cubic feet
of water per second. Take for example, lake Tahoe,
which is located between California and Nevada. This lake is 22 miles long,
12 miles wide and up to 1600 feet deep.
And there's enough water in this lake to cover the entire state of California in
14 and a half inches of water.
Now consider what would happen if you instantly evaporated or melted a,
just a portion of the north American ice shelf. Like I mentioned,
and earlier was more than two kilometers thick on average,
want that explaining massive rise and sea level. At that time,
we know that at the time of the last ice age,
the sea level was 400 feet lower than it is today.
So this explains a lot of megalithic structures that have been found off the
coast of various regions around the world.
So when you connect the dots in these key pieces of evidence,
including the ice or samples, the younger driest boundary soil samples,
the mass extinction, the rapid ending of the last ice age,
the sudden rise of temperatures and the global sea level and go Beckley
Tepe, which is completely unexplainable. Anyways, guys,
I'm gonna close up there, leave a comment,
let me know your thoughts and be sure to like and subscribe and help me spread
the message. Take care, everybody.